exponentially everything is much bigger
this one also the fun parts is a lot
more of all of us together as Avengers
which is my favorite part of it and then
you know huge huge sequences actually
sequence but I think even fan favors I
think are more like when you have like
the guys just together sitting around
talking about nothing
it's really quite random it's lovely who
asked he's just trying to get down there
so we could do an interview with you
so their body else is doing the
interview up here we would come down and
do one with you
it's all intact it's a yes-no yes-no we
all get along really well which is cool
effort there's no there's no jerks in
this cast yeah yeah we're gonna kill me
we're gonna kill lobby lobby beautiful
everything's I'm feeling okay
luck alone yeah that's epic an epic
awesome it's a real real sign every year
when you get here and these people
shower us with love that we do something
that's worthwhile and meaningful you
know we do a lot of different movies and
people talk about box office numbers and
all this other crap but you know the
real sign that we're doing something is
people enjoy what we do and they
remember us as the characters we are and
it makes them happy to see us and it
makes us happy to see them this energize
everyone if you like this video click
that thumbs up button and make sure to
subscribe to our AMC movie news YouTube
channel it's free and helps you stay
up-to-date with all the latest movie
news as well as our daily AMC movie talk
show also make sure that you follow us
on Facebook and Twitter to stay up to
date with all of our special promotions
contests and prize giveaways